Hey, something big happened to the master
The Chen Group was attacked by the financial queen Hongyan
There are already 10 major partners
Announce unilateral termination
Chen Group
All of its 20 listed companies fell by the limit
Conservative estimates of losses exceed 10 billion
Lao Chen Lao Chen
Do you have any last words to say?
I'll send you on your way.
You are really the number one figure in the Emperor Senior Hall
I don't believe it.
That's not possible.
The Ouyang family is a small family
How could there be such a powerful character?
You stinky woman has no eyes
Make trouble all day
This time I don't have a family, I'm hurt by you
I don't know why the Ouyang family is so powerful
I thought the Ouyang family was just a small family
Little family, little people, you can bully them at will
Being powerful is amazing
Kindness is rewarded
Evil pays off
It's not that you don't report it.
The time has not come
This
It's your karma.